# 1. Conceptual Questions

1. Explain the bellow terms in 1 line :  
  a. Universal Set  
  b. Mutually Exclusive Events  
  c. Independent Events  
  d. Conditional Probability  
  e. Conditionally Independent Events  
  f. Bayes Theorem  
  g. Prior, Likelihood, Posterior Probability  
  h. Hypothesis and Evidence for Likelihood and Posterior Probability 
  i. Joint Probability Distribution(for independent and non independent events)  
  

2. Prove that :  $\textsf{P(h|x)p(x)=P(x|h)P(h)}$
  
3. Predict the probability Distribution to be used to model the following events  
  a. Single Coin Tossing Event  
  b. Number of heads for n coin tosses
  c. If I take 1 hour to go from Koramangala to Marathalli, What is the probability that I will reach in 1 hour 15 minutes? 
  d. If I am tossing a coin with bias p=0.8(probability of taking a trip) to decide if I want to go for a trip. How likely is it that I would have 8 trips out of 10 coin tosses?  
  e. If I am working with french artist who uses blue twice as much as red,green. Then what is the probability that he will pick (red=1,blue=2,green=1) 5 times out of 100 color picks.  

4. I went to Las Vegas from bangaluru for my research conference and went to Belligro Casino, there we saw a machine which gives us money if it shows thumbs up, else it takes back the same amount of money back. The bias of machine starts to change after a point so that we go in loss. Find out a way to estimate the bias of the machine. Can you relate this problem to conjugate prior problem for Beta-Bernoilli pair?

5. If I have to design a machine which shows ads randomly based on user demend(visitation). There are five product catagories for which I want to pick an ad based on the demand. Find out a way to create such a recommender system using Dirichlet-Gamma Conjugate Prior.

6. What is the ideological difference between Generative and Discriminative Models.

7. What is Markovian Property in the markov Chain. Explain it with example of temporal habbits that we form.

8. What is the hypothesis for Gaussian Bayesian Estimate

9. What is a categorical Distribution. Is it different from Binomial Distrbution? Explain.

10. If I were to represent a 5 text documents as an outcome of Multinomial Distribution, explain the catagories in dimension. 

11. What is a multivariate Bernoulli Distribution? What is joint probability in that case? Explain the multivariate bernoulli version of sentiment analysis  

12. Which Naive bayes algorithm should you use for the bellow case :   
  a. Spam-Non-Spam Classification  
  b. Document Classification   
  c. Identify Spamy/erroneous Bit pattern    
  d. Sentiment analysis of twitter feed  
  e. Dynamic Recommender System  
  
